[docs] Document the `browser-init-timeout` feature (#5878)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/testcafe-api/browserconnection/opened.md

---
layout: docs
title: BrowserConnection.opened Event
permalink: /documentation/reference/testcafe-api/browserconnection/opened.html
---
# BrowserConnection.opened Event

> Fires when a browser launched by a [browser provider](../../../guides/extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md#implement-the-browser-provider) has connected to TestCafe and opened a test page.

Reviewer: > and opened a test page

I'm not sure about that. It's better to say that a browser is ready to run tests or smth like that.

Author: > ...has connected to TestCafe and reported that it is ready to run tests.

> Fires when a browser launched by a [browser provider](../../../guides/extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md#implement-the-browser-provider) has connected to TestCafe and reported that it is ready to run tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fires when a browser launched by a [browser provider](../../../guides/extend-testcafe/browser-provider-plugin.md#implement-the-browser-provider) connects to TestCafe and reports that it is ready to run tests.
```

```js
browserConnection.once('opened', callback)
```

> If every remote browser connection does not emit this event within **6** minutes, TestCafe throws an error. You can configure this timeout with the [browserInitTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#browserinittimeout) configuration file property.

Author: ```suggestion
If every remote browser connection does not fire this event within **6** minutes, TestCafe throws an error. You can configure this timeout with the [browserInitTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#browserinittimeout) configuration file property.
```

> If every remote browser connection does not emit this event within **6** minutes, TestCafe throws an error. You can configure this timeout with the [browserInitTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#browserinittimeout) configuration file property.

Reviewer 2: "does not emit this event" Why do you use **emit**?

Author: [All objects that emit events are instances of the EventEmitter class](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_events:~:text=All%20objects%20that%20emit%20events%20are%20instances%20of%20the%20EventEmitter%20class.)

Therefore, `BrowserConnection` is an event emitter too. 

Maybe that's too technical. If it sounds better, we could go with:

> If every remote browser connection does not fire this event within **6** minutes...

OR

> If every remote browser connection does not call this event within **6** minutes,

Reviewer 2: If every remote browser connection does not fire this event within 6 minutes...
